docs: improve the "Getting started" section (#16910)
vlang/v: doc/docs.md

by using the V's built-in self-updater.
To do so, run the command `v up`.

## Getting started

> You can let V automatically set up the bare-bones structure of a project for you by using *one* of the following commands in a terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can let V automatically set up the bare-bones structure of a project for you by using any of the following commands in a terminal:
```

> * `v init` → creates a new project in the current folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `v init` → adds necessary files to the current folder to make it a V project
```

Reviewer: Marked resolved, but no changes made?  Do you disagree with them?

Author: I did commit them in c345db154f0b6bd388d020ca4fb7d6cae934ecc7.

Reviewer: Hmm... I didn't see that when I looked earlier.  Never mind, then. :-)
